Add No prompt specified error to commong issues (#2528)
n8n-io/n8n-docs: docs/integrations/builtin/cluster-nodes/root-nodes/n8n-nodes-langchain.agent/common-issues.md

This error displays when n8n tries to execute the node without having a Chat Model connected.

To resolve this, click the + Chat Model button at the bottom of your screen when the node is open, or click the Chat Model + connector when the node is closed. n8n will then open a selection of possible Chat Models to pick from.

## No prompt specified error

This error typically shows when the agent expected to get the prompt from the previous node automatically. Typically this is the case when you're using the [Chat Trigger Node](https://docs.n8n.io/integrations/builtin/core-nodes/n8n-nodes-langchain.chattrigger/). 

> To resolve this issue, find the **Prompt** field of the AI Agent node and change it from **Take from previous node automatically** to **Define below**. This will allow you to manually build your prompt by referencing output data of other nodes or by adding static text.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To resolve this issue, find the **Prompt** parameter of the AI Agent node and change it from **Take from previous node automatically** to **Define below**. This allows you to manually build your prompt by referencing output data from other nodes or by adding static text.
```
